a) Some of the benefits of Agile development is that it emphasizes an iterative approach to work. By breaking down a project into several stages, it makes it easier to collaborate with customers and make changes to the project. With Agile development, usable products can be released more frequently based on actual customer feedback. However, some of the downsides to Agile development is its unpredictability compared to non-Agile development. Unlike the Waterfall method, there is no concrete steps and phases to the final product. Additionally, managing and reprioritizing tasks can become messy and stressful if delivery dates and tasks are constantly updating.  

b) The role and responsibilities of a Scrum Master is to manage all scrum related tasks. This will include JIRA tooling, faciliating sprints and meetings, and making sure the Scrum is up to date. A Product Owner will set the direction of the project for the team, handle releases, and stakeholder management.

c) The three types of meeting that happens during a sprint cycle are: sprint planning meetings, daily scrum/standup meetings, and sprint retrospective meeting. During sprint planning meetings, the team determines what tasks to complete in the coming sprint, move sprints from the backlog to the current sprint, and determine story points to delegate work to finally start the sprint. A sprint retrospective meeting occurs at the end of a sprint where a team will discuss work completed and move incomplete work back the backlog to finally close the sprint.

d) An Epic is a topic or large overarching goal that can be broken down into smaller stories and tasks to complete. A Story is also a large overarching goal but can be connected under an Epic. Typically, a Story will include the mission and objective of the project. Tasks are used to plan specific activities necessary to complete a Story that shouldn't take more than a day to complete. Tasks can be directly attached under a Story and can also have smaller subtasks assigned to them. A Bug represents a problem that needs to be solved. They can be attached to stories or tasks to indicate that there is an issue with them.

